Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Bye
everyone. Today is Thursday, February
the 5th, and this is the Moneyball
Morning Report.
charts by Trendpider and gamma flows by
meth.
Let's take a look at the E- mini S&P as
we begin very often every morning
and let's go to the daily chart.
We can see an expanding range
with buyers deep below and [snorts]
sellers above.
What we have is a compacting formation
that really sits between value area low,
which is now somewhere around 6860.
That's probably going to be a relative
buy zone. If we lose 6860 this morning,
when we recover it, it should give us
this kind of wick action. If we don't
recover above the zerod football, which
is 6,900, we're going to have a problem.
Now, notice what's been happening. This
is why I think we're going to break
down. We came into 6900, bounced very
nicely. The following day, we held that
region and extended up into the top of
the range near 690.
The day after that, we opened up, really
moved down, broke that 6,900, made a new
low for, I don't know, looks like maybe
a twoe low, and then buyers come back in
and hold it. We lose 6,900 again, buyers
come back in and hold it. Yesterday, we
lost that 6,900. Buyers came back to
hold it. But notice
lower closes. Here is a close. Here's
another close. Here's another close
lower. This one, one reflexive bounce
into a lower high. This one closes
lower. This one closes lower. This is
weakness building in the chart. What is
my suspicion? This is potentially what
we are going to see. Now, are dips still
buy zones? Absolutely. Have a look
trend line formations pointing into this
deeper edge as it comes into this zone.
Put wall still below at 6600. Remember,
big money is hedging. They're still
going after their returns on the
equities, but hedging in each of these
indices that we look at. So, what's our
downside pressure event? Let's go to our
30 minute chart and see what we're
staring down right now. We've got a
pretty good fade.
Here is our 30 minute opening candle
formation.
We bounced above it and then
returned
came up into some supply. That is a
level that we have used as an alert.
We're going to keep it as an alert
because it's going to matter above 6931.
Price action is going to be a little bit
more bullish to the upside. Try to get
through this supply formation.
As it sits this morning, inventory was a
bit sideways. Now it is short because
this is the open and we are well below
the open. So, we are expanding down on
the 30-inut chart. Lots of supply
sitting in these regions
with a front line of support at 6875.
We lose that zone
6830. Next line in the sand. this
breakthrough area which is a gamma flow
event. I'm going to remove
but we're going to keep this
69. You know what?
Let's remove this one.
It's not 6916
because we've hit it so many times. That
area is
um
it's a little messy. So, we want to see
it get up and over the zone.
I think that's 6921.
I like that area. 6921 gives us
potentially 10 points to the upside at
6931 to 6934.
Below it, we stay short right in the
middle. We are still in inventory
accumulation. So the dip here easily a
buy zone at the very first pass into
6860.
We want to watch it get up over 6875. If
it cannot, we've got downward flow. All
right, that's what we're staring down
there. Let's take a look at the NQ.
We spoke yesterday or the day before
yesterday about the relative weakness of
this chart. Um, I mean, relative to
the ES and the YM, it's much weaker.
The formations are similar. Notice if we
go to the daily chart, have a look at
the actual inventory accumulation
events.
We're going to say they start right
about here.
I think they maybe go to here. So this
zone at 24,925
kind of a key line in the sand.
The text pops it up as 24,887.
I can't actually put an alert there
because it'll go off very likely
immediately. But what we want to see is
what happens on the downdraft here. This
is almost halfway.
Actually, it might actually be halfway.
So, let me measure this.
Yeah, it's right at the halfway spot.
So, 24,115
is
fairly likely about where this is going
to run, at least into this frontline
support. Are buyers going to try and
hold it at the current level of 24,887?
Yes, they are. Let's go to the 30-inut.
See if we can see evidence of that. So,
here's our 30inut chart. Let's put a box
around our 30 minute opening range.
And then let's also look at the midnight
candlestick. We know how important that
candlestick is.
So, we're going to do the midnight to
1:00 a.m. candle formation.
And that's where that sits.
Interestingly, it looks like it's almost
the same size of the opening 30-inut
candlestick. So, the reliability of this
indicator on a Thursday is not as solid
as other days, but we're just going to
observe it. What do we have going on?
Trend
down.
Trend up. That looks a bit broken on the
30 minute, but remember I said, "Hey,
they're going to try and buy it here.
Look what's happening." How do we know
they're going to try and buy it here?
Because they bought it the last time.
And as I've told you many times, we
traders who trade for a living, who
trade to eat, we are simpleans. We will
simply look to the left and go, let's
give it a go. What we do is manage the
risk
of being wrong. So we are able to
recalibrate and get back into the trade.
Where is the first likely test of this
bounce?
base of congestion,
low of the midnight candlestick
formation,
and that looks like 24,950.
We can put an alert there if you like.
If it heads up and over,
very nice. It's going to be able to walk
through these edges and move back into
the anchor VWAP. If not, if it bounces
and fails, which I actually think that
it will, if it bounces and fails, we
head to the bottom of the box. Yesterday
gave us a new low in the NQ. That's
24,783.
Obviously, we're not seeing that sort of
thing in the ES put wall
24,500.
That's where that put wall is sitting.
How far back do we have to go? Holy
smokes. Let's try the 4 hour.
We have to go all the way back to here,
which very interestingly gives us a
relative area of sport floor. If per
happen stance, we do not
recover off of 24,783.
24,650
is our next line in the sand. What
happens if we go up, Emory?
What about up? Listen, it could happen.
A lot of things are really oversold.
Software very oversold.
Uh
semis very oversold. Value area low
25,150.
So, if we get above 25,150
or so,
what we want to do is
have it uh move up, pull back, give us a
higher low, and we can walk all the way
back into
I'd say 25,300.
Mechanically, that's the flow that we're
staring down. Now remember, if selling
becomes aggressive and the dome thins
out, meaning there not a lot of orders
in the book, the floors are not going to
hold. They are going to collapse. So,
make sure you hold your stop tight if
you're trying to buy a dip. My thought
is,
you know, it's it seems that it's much
better to sell a bounce than to try to
buy a dip today.
Let's take a look at the YM.
Look at how different it looks.
Here's the low from yesterday.
Holding market ranges.
To me, this is rotation. They're moving
out of one into this. They're leaving
tech alone a little bit and going to
places that feel
quotations feel safer. So that's what
we're staring down. Is it still a sloppy
mess? You bet you. I mean, have a look.
We're still fading off that edge. Dips
or buys? I would suspect if it fails
49,300
and it recaptures
49,300,
you can use your value area low at
49,277
to take the trade. Let's look at RTY.
looks a lot like the YM. And again, this
I suspect it's because of rotation. I do
expect it rotation. It's a little bit
weaker. No doubt about it. It's still
weaker than the YM, but from a trend
perspective,
it's still in some sort of wedge. We've
got a range break here. value area low
and the zero DTE put wall at 26,025.
Now technically speaking underneath this
that level is a short. So what they're
doing is trying to find support at which
point they're going to bounce.
So where might that be?
could be
as
early as
or it could be all the way down at 2600.
Don't get in front of this if you're not
I mean why buy if it's moving straight
down. Okay, that's that doesn't make any
sense at all.
Let's go to micro bitcoin
continuing lower now 69. Listen, this
chart is in freef fall.
I don't I mean I don't want to say I
told you so, but you know we know that
this has had a rotation. And remember I
said they tried with all their might to
hold 90,000 and when they couldn't
it's become a watershed. So if we want
to do some sort of measured analysis we
can look at the regions where they try
desperately to hold it. This is our 50%
range with 90,000 right in the middle.
Here's our This is the put wall 76.
We're probably going to see that put
rolled down. Now, if you listen to group
coaching with uh Deanna and uh Gabe and
me together, you'll remember Diana
saying something about negative gamma
being an accelerant when we come into
our gamma walls. And we can see that
happening exactly here. This is in
negative gamma flow. Very obvious. And
so that is creating an accelerant
because if they've sold the puts,
they're going to have to sell the
instrument as well to keep themselves on
the right track. Another do or die
formation from inventory accumulation is
around 66,000.
I saw a report that said the long-term
holds in Bitcoin are taking advantage of
the short-term holds coming out and big
Bitcoin holders are continuing to amass.
And you know what this happens? The
money from the patient
to the impatient
always flows back to the patient.
Patient are always going to win this
game.
Now, if the impatient said, "Hey, I'm
getting in and getting out." Then yes,
great. But this is what's happening. And
this rotation is pretty normal from this
kind of instrument. Watch for the
traders to try to hold a floor in the
next 3 to $4,000 of range. If not, the
next line to watch will be 60. So,
that's what we're staring down right now
in Bitcoin. Let's go to oil.
Oil continues to uh have a jagged rally
event. We talked about this a little bit
because of uh geopolitical risk.
We've got pretty ugly
patterns here. And because price action
is still in backwardation, meaning the
forward contracts are still cheaper,
that's unwinding.
And price action is going to lift. Now,
here's the problem.
This is going to be great for energy.
It's going to be very g
at the pump, but also going to be really
bad for inflation.
So, this is so messy. Absolutely as
messy as could be. Let's see what we can
have on the day. Notice broad
distribution
on every chart that we've watched. Every
single one of them is trending down this
morning. So that's everybody is doing
the same thing. They are lightening up
how much they're holding. That's also
very important. Everybody is trimming
their sales right now. What does that
mean? Probably bearish action through
the course of the day. Where's the first
line in the sand for oil?
$6360.
That's our first test. very likely to
barrel right through it.
It's inside of value area high. Value
area high is $64. Value area low
$6160.
Midpoint. Well, the VWAP is actually
$63.
I would not be surprised if we moved
into that ledge today.
We've got a mixed bag of trend and
strong geopolitical risk. So eventually
this dip will be bought, but it truly is
at the top of the value area. And so if
it's caught in a sideways pressure event
before the peanut butter hits the fan,
then
we'll come all the way right back down
here into 61. Okay,
let's take a look at gold. Oh, let's
look at silver.
Silver is starting to get a little bit
more uh liquid from days past. See all
these gaps? Weird gaps. Pre-market, not
so bad. But look at what's happening.
Look at our relative range. What are
they trying to do?
They're trying to consolidate at
support. Where is that line? 73.
We lose 73 after this consolidation.
They're going to try and bounce it. If
they lose it again, see, this is what
they're going to try and do down here.
If they lose it again, we head lower. We
head lower. If we see them battle really
hard in this area and cannot break above
the pull wall, which is currently 81,
we're very likely to head lower. And so
73 first test, 68 second test. And the
measured move here
suggests that our anchor point could be
all the way down at 56. All right. So
that's what we're staring down here in
silver. Let's take a look at gold.
We had a lot of alerts go off over the
last couple of days.
Look at how tight the call wall and the
put walls are. Call wall 5,000 still.
It's been there couple weeks. Put wall
4700. The b wall is moving up. What does
trend tell us here? We're making lower
highs
and lower lows
with the trend line
looking fairly different.
We have supply above us,
5,000 and above supply area. We've got a
new area at $4,950.
That
looks like a place they really have been
battling for a while. Looks like a fair
bit of
inventory
accumulating in both of those edges. So,
let's take a look at the downside
pressure event and see what we see.
Yeah. So, it's holding from a measured
move perspective. It's come down into
the bottom of this box. Now, it's trying
to hold it. If they begin to collect
inventory here and work and work and
work and work and work at it, losing
this edge means they head lower.
The desperation attempt to hold price
action in a place that fails after a
series of lower highs
suggests highly that we move into the
put wall. And that is down here at 4700.
Very interesting line in the sand.
$4,822
support ledge. Watch them try to hold
it. If it pulls back and it holds 4775,
we should know that number. It is value
area low. We've spent a lot of time
there. Could easily get to that zone and
then try to bounce again.
The the chart is an absolute mess. It
truly is. and it's because they're
fighting to reclaim dominant price
action to the north. Let's finally take
a look at SPY.
As I mentioned,
broad sell-offs.
Um,
they tell us that the market is working
in tandem. Everybody's doing the same
thing, getting out of trades across all
of these. I don't know if somebody is
expecting news.
Uh let's I don't know what the news
events is saying but the put wall here
in spy
lot of supply down here a lot. We just
fell out of the value area range and
that's really where people have been
collecting inventory over the several
days.
We literally just fell out of it and
that number is $685.
If we cannot get up over that edge,
we've got more downside. Could we
potentially test that edge? Abs.
Absolutely. Absolutely we could test
that edge, but my suspicion is the wick
down and then uh a potential bounce. But
the broad selling of all of the indices
and ETFs tell me that there is a minor
flight to safety, a risk off day
potentially ahead. That being said,
everyone that's short here is going to
want to unwind.
So, at some juncture, the market's going
to stop going down. At this point,
everybody's intended. And that means
downside action.
All right, that's it for me, folks. I'll
see you on the streams. Take care.